Pd 1015 security content review with sme (#2497)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Credentials/ManageLocalUsersSCALE.md

## Creating an Admin User Account
SCALE has implemented rootless log in. 

> All CORE systems migrating to SCALE, and all Angelfish and early Bluefin releases of SCALE upgrading to 22.12.3 or higher or to Cobia should create and begin using an admin user instead of the root user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All CORE systems migrating to SCALE, and all Angelfish and early Bluefin releases of SCALE upgrading to 22.12.3+ or to later SCALE major versions should create and begin using an admin user instead of the root user. 
```
